Added size of Fixed Version binaries (#1601)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/distribution.md

1.  Decompress the WebView2 Runtime package using the command-line command `expand {path to the package} -F:* {path to the destination folder}` or by using a decompression tool such as WinRAR.  Avoid decompressing through the File Explorer, because that approach might not generate the correct folder structure.

> 1.  Include all of the decompressed Fixed Version binaries in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Include all of the decompressed Fixed Version binaries in your app package, to be deployed on the target machine during your app's installation.
```

Reviewer: Or something like this.
